docs/tutorials/local-development.md, before:

# Local Development Tutorial

Follow this guided path to run the User Flow Library locally.

## 1. Install dependencies

```bash
pnpm install
```

## 2. Configure Supabase

Populate `.env.local` with the project keys:

```env
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=https://jrhnlbilfozzrdphcvxp.supabase.co
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your-anon-key
```

## 3. Create database tables

Run `sql/CREATE_FLOW_TABLES.sql` in the Supabase SQL Editor (`https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/jrhnlbilfozzrdphcvxp/sql/new`).

This script creates:

- `projects` – apps/products
- `flows` – user flows within projects
- `screens` – hierarchical screen nodes
- Triggers that maintain counts and materialised paths

## 4. Create storage bucket

Execute `sql/CREATE_STORAGE_BUCKET.sql` in the Supabase SQL Editor. This provisions the `screenshots` bucket and the public policies needed for uploads.

## 5. Optional: configure AI hotspot detection

### Option A: GPT-4 Vision (default)

Add the OpenAI key to `.env.local`:

```env
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key
```

### Option B: UIED service (recommended for accuracy)

```bash
cd python-service
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

Update `.env.local`:

```env
UIED_SERVICE_URL=http://localhost:5000
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key
```

Refer to `python-service/SETUP.md` for more details.

## 6. Start the app

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

Open the app at `http://localhost:3000`.

Commit message:

fix: Increase UIED detection timeout to 2 minutes
UIED can be slow, especially on first run:
- Model downloads (~10-30s)
- Large image processing (~5-20s)
- OCR detection (~10-60s)

Total: Can take 60-120s on first run

Changes:
- Add AbortController with 120s timeout
- Clear timeout after successful response
- Prevents premature connection abort

This allows UIED to complete while still protecting against
infinite hangs. GPT-4 fallback still available if UIED fails.

docs/tutorials/local-development.md, after:

# Local Development Tutorial

Follow this guided path to run the User Flow Library locally.

## 1. Install dependencies

```bash
pnpm install
```

## 2. Configure Supabase

Populate `.env.local` with the project keys:

```env
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=https://jrhnlbilfozzrdphcvxp.supabase.co
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your-anon-key
```

## 3. Create database tables

Run `sql/reference/CREATE_FLOW_TABLES.sql` in the Supabase SQL Editor (`https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/jrhnlbilfozzrdphcvxp/sql/new`).

This script creates:

- `projects` – apps/products
- `flows` – user flows within projects
- `screens` – hierarchical screen nodes
- Triggers that maintain counts and materialised paths

## 4. Ensure storage buckets exist

- Create a `screenshots` bucket in Supabase Storage (Dashboard → Storage → Create bucket) and make it public for read access.
- To generate the `project-avatars` bucket and its policies, run `sql/how-to/SETUP_PROJECT_AVATARS_COMPLETE.sql` in the SQL Editor.

## 5. Optional: configure AI hotspot detection

### Option A: GPT-4 Vision (default)

Add the OpenAI key to `.env.local`:

```env
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key
```

### Option B: UIED service (recommended for accuracy)

```bash
cd python-service
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

Update `.env.local`:

```env
UIED_SERVICE_URL=http://localhost:5000
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key
```

Refer to `python-service/SETUP.md` for more details.

## 6. Start the app

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

Open the app at `http://localhost:3000`.
